Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Wednesday, January the 14th,
and this is the Moneyball morning report
for the Benzinga Pro platform. We've got
charts by trend spider, gamma flows by
month.
We are looking at prices that are a bit
rangebound but still trending to the
upside. This is the big thing because as
we look at the 30 minute formations and
indeed just this segment of the 4 hour,
it is showing us as you know trending a
little bit to the downside. And so
because of that, we've got ourselves a
crossurren. Are we likely to be in a dip
buying zone? Yes. Could that support be
lower? Yes. Line in the sand today.
69.50. If it comes in there and starts
chopping around, I am going to be pretty
delighted. Now, here's what I don't
like.
This looks like an exhaustion candle,
right? Not a ton of volume. So, it's not
that's that sort of invalidates
exhaustion because volume exhaustion
usually has a ton of flows attached to
it. But this one does not. The
follow-through candles, however, yes.
Okay. 30inut chart downward. We already
know that we're looking at a 40 chart,
4hour chart that's upward. So, we got a
crossurren of motion. When we have a
crossurren of motion, there is going to
be a battleground. So, be careful. This
edge right here is a formation where we
had inventory accumulate and then bounce
out. So far, we're holding the midline
of that accumulation event. That's 6966.
My thought is the following. If we
happen to lose
this 6970,
right? We want to watch for it to look
below and go. Meaning, it looks below,
but if it bounces, it cannot recapture
this formation here.
That's going to give us more downside
pressure, right? But remember, when we
have a cross current, it's much harder
to trade. So, you want to be very
careful and watch your risk.
Upper edges 7,024,
call wall still at 7,50, put wall at
6950.
Dips are buys, but the dips could be
deeper. Um, we have Supreme Court
information coming out potentially
tomorrow, maybe Friday. They keep
kicking the can down the street. Um, you
know, we'll see. We'll see what happens.
All right, this just triggered 25,750.
As we take a look at the NQ, move into
the 30inut chart. You can see that it is
bouncing through the same levels that I
talked about yesterday. I said, "Hey,
listen. Watch for 25,850
as a support floor. Look, look at how
much it lost.
50 points of risk. If you just come in
and go, "Hey, that's supposed to be
support. I'm buying it." You're gonna
get your face smashed. Remember, it's if
and then. And that's what we're doing
here. This is if and then. So, what is
the and can we hold above 750? Now, if
you say to yourself, "Hey, I think we
can hold above 750."
Your support floor will be 25,79.
So you still got 50 points of risk if
you choose to do it that way. Now you
could also come to the candle bodies and
make your decision.
That's up to you. When we come into the
bodies and we do that sort of thing, we
tend to get a little bit chopped up.
That being said, those candle bodies are
holding this floor of heavy congestion.
And so you could say, "Hey, I'm going to
take it here and I'll let my stop be
25,737
and as I buy at 25,750,
my thought is that I get to 25,800
and then I get to 25,850."
Notice this is still in a dip buying
zone. This line, this trend line says,
"Hey, we could have a buy zone here.
Momentum is mixed." Momentum is very
mixed. And so it's going to take a while
for the retesting of those zones. Where
is the call wall? 26,000. Where is the
put foot put wall? 25,600.
That's where that's sitting. Right in
the middle of this heavy congestion.
It's a coin toss. If you take it long at
25,750
for me. I want to see a test of
the min. I think this is the min the the
minimum and that's 25,624.
If it comes into that zone, I'm going to
start looking for buys, right?
I'm going start staring that one down.
All right, let's go to micro Bitcoin.
What a move.
As I mentioned the last time we were
together, I was like, "Hey, if you're
thinking about shorting this, don't."
Right? What were we staring down? We
were looking at all of this motion that
said buy the dip. Right? All of this
pressure event that said by the dip. We
had the breakout. Now, I did not have
the trigger points. I did have the the
95,000 there, but I was like, "Yeah,
maybe." Right. So, no idea that it would
get to here. 95,000 is now a line in the
sand. It is the call wall for the
traders. They have moved it up to 95.
The put wall is still down there at 80.
So they are sitting in a space where
they expect any kind of flow. Could you
say to yourself, "Hey, wait a second.
Isn't that kind of an inverted head and
shoulders?" Sure. I mean, I wouldn't
want to meet this person on the street.
I'd be very afraid. But it could be an
inverted head and shoulders. And that
folks
gives us another 8,000
to the north. So that's 103, which puts
us up here at that Fibonacci. So where
is this? Where am I drawing this
Fibonacci from? Let me remove this
Fibonacci here. Here's the big thing.
See how
resistance support broken floor broken
floor broken floor recovery back up to
resistance back down to support. This
tells me that this is where the
inventory has been accumulated. That's
where we draw the Fibonacci
and that Fibonacci gives us these upward
trajectories where we get that 102 103.
Okay, so that's what we're staring down.
Next line in the sand.
Oh, sorry. CR. Um,
let's see if we can do that. Yes, we can
do the gamma line.
Right. The next one is 97,500
on the upside. Dips are buys. What can
we look at? 92 to 91. 92 is sort of that
halfway space. But if it comes in here
and holds 95, I mean, you could buy it
here. I wouldn't because I tend to be a
bit more conservative.
I would like for it to come down into
these lower edges and give us some
frontline support of the breakout zone
that sends us up here into the north.
Okay, so we've got a lot of price
action. Things look really great.
Bitcoin is on the run once more,
but here we are at the top of the range
and holding 95 is going to be paramount.
If we cannot, 92,500
might be the next event that gives us a
good long, but dips are definitely buys.
You just don't want to go hog wild in
there. Hog wild. What is it? Hog wild.
Is it because the hogs are wild or
because we are wild with hogs? I don't
even want to go down that thought. But I
I have no idea where hog wild comes
from. Unless pigs get crazy, but I have
not spent much time looking at pigs.
Truly, I have not. Okay, let's take a
look at oil. Remember, I did say to us,
I said, "Hey,
this one's about to get jiggy." And
certainly, we have seen that it's
really, take a look at the difference
here, right? It's been a hot minute
since we've been above this area.
resistance is still at the 63 zone.
We've got a lot of negative traction.
But here's the thing, folks. There are a
lot of people that are short the forward
contracts and they are going to want to
unwind if they see price action start
really lifting. So far, we're still in
heavy congestion. We're still looking at
old resistance, new support.
um 62 being that number. So, we want to
stare that down and see how we do up
here. See, we can see 62 being a
nearterm resistance. If it holds, we're
off to 6250 and then the max wall, the
1day max is 6317.
Where's the actual buy zone? Down here
at the break, 6128.
Could you say, "Hey, I'm going to get
involved a bit earlier. I'm going to get
involved not at 28. I'm going to get
involved at 50. That's fine. Open up the
risk. Here is the large gamma wall and
that's 61. I suspect that the traders
gravitate towards that level. I will not
be long oil unless it comes back and
gives me this support floor test and I'm
looking for about $60.50.
That's my ideal. Could I come in and try
to scalp it around 61? Yes, but I'm sure
I'll get my hands burned. Um, so I'm
much more inclined to come in at $60.50
and let it run to the top. All right,
let's take a look at silver.
So, silver's gone bananas as always.
It's just always bananas. Um, it's had a
lot of trouble staying above 20, excuse
me, $90.20.
and a supply zone is beginning to build
up here. Doesn't mean it can't go
through. It
thought process is that the dip is going
to give us a better uh price action
event. So, what we have is negative
momentum, but we have a flat VWAP,
right? So, the VWAP is going to give us
the baseline of support. That number is
currently 8960.
I'm looking for $89, which is
essentially old resistance, new support.
We've got that box filling. If not, then
8870 becomes the next line that I'm
looking for. This is the call wall. It's
at 8530,
something like that. It's sitting right
on top of the VWAP and the point of
control. The port wall below here. um
CME put an order uh a commentary out
that's saying that um the margins were
going to be based on some sort of weird
percentage flow. I felt the language to
be vague. I haven't gotten any um notes
on my platforms that have said that it's
actually um
uh moved from my broker. So, you know,
it is what it is. Pullbacks or buy
zones, sideways formation. What do we
normally do in silver when this happens?
We we have sideways formation. Sits
around, sits around, sits around, and
then it bounces. Take a look at how the
bounce gets measured.
Here's our sideways formation, right?
It enters a channel and then bounces and
holds and bounces and then it does a
breakaway.
Very often it is retesting the breakaway
event.
Oh, come on, Fred.
For the love of Pete. Okay, here we go.
There it tests.
Uh,
did I get the wrong one? Yes, of course
I did.
Man, today my brain is like, oh, we got
ourselves another Bitcoin move. All
right. So, this is the top of the box.
This is the
extension. Notice I mean this this
movement is
so textbook. It's very Look at that. You
see the accumulation flow. It breaks out
to the upside.
One X comes back. Retest the flow all
the way up. One X another. My thought is
let's wait for 89 and see what happens.
Okay, so that that's my thought. That is
my thought. Um although it could be
breaking out right now.
You never know.
Okay, so let's take a look at gold. Uh
gold is in a range, value area low,
value area high, top of the range
formation, momentum drifting over, could
easily come to the 50% marker.
That number is
46.
That's about 4630.
This is a pretty messy patch, right?
It's holding the VWAP. Pretty negative
traction. Look at all the things that
are uh counter trend. Trend up, momentum
down,
uh moving average up,
VWAP flatish,
lower highs. This is a mess. Just let
let the traders resolve this and then if
it gets above 4665
4,665,
you're off to the races.
4,687
and then 4,6
what is this number? 4,700.
Wow. Or it comes back and settles down
here. No clue which way this is going to
go. So Sally is sitting uh I'm I'm
sitting out of this. I'm waiting for the
edges to tell me what to do. So far,
um, everything's fairly sideways. Could
I take the trade short down into here?
Yes. But I don't want to. I I want to
see it come into this really clean zone
of 4600 where literally everybody is
just buying. And then if they say, "Hey,
I'm not buying it anymore. I'm going to
sell." Well, here we go. All the way
down. This is the highest gamma level
sitting in the chart in terms of overall
formations. And that is still 4500. The
call wall in play is 4,800. The put
wall,
holy smokes, is 4,000.
That's bananas, right? That's a very
wide hedge. I mean, that is a really
wide hedge. Lastly, let's take a look at
spy. I feel like I've been recording for
3 hours. This uh wow. Okay, so I put
these triggers on um
yesterday. Okay, let's reset them.
Let's remove this alert and then let's
uh
let's create an alert here. So, this is
the upward breakthrough.
We'll take a look at that. The green
hedges give us that um you know the this
the sloppy zones. So, let's remove this
alert
and then reset it.
We'll make it tight. We just want to
break through.
And that is 692 on the upside. On the
downside
here, let's uh remove the alert here.
And then
let's use this
gamma line as the one day min 687.
Let's use that.
Right.
This is a a pretty solid gap down, but
we've had gaps down and all we do is buy
them up, right? So this don't get all
crazy because take a look at this. every
the last three days. This is what we've
done
or the last three three of the last four
days gap gap down bought it all back.
This one is a gap up filled the gap kept
running up. This one gap down bought it
all the way back. This one another gap
down. Guess what they're going to do?
Yeah, they're going to buy it all the
way back. Now, could we have ourselves
awake and could they go, "No, I'm not
buying it all the way back. This is an
actual breakdown." Any of those things
could happen, but we suppose that what
they will do is find support and then
start buying it back up again. So,
what's the ideal sweet spot for a buy
here? $687.91,
right? That that is my thought. else we
dropped down to $687 and lots of
demand sitting in a pocket here where we
broke out from $685.
That's what we'll be watching. All
right. Okay, everybody, take care. I'll
see you on the streams.
Good luck.